README.md, before:

# DSAL
## Leetcode
### Easy problem
| # Problem | Description                                | Leetcode Link                                                             |
|-----------|--------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1         | Two Sum                                    | https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/                                    |
| 9         | Palindrome Number                          | https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/                          |
| 13        | Roman to Integer                           | https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/                           |
| 14        | Longest Common Prefix                      | https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/                      |
| 20        | Valid Parentheses                          | https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/                          |
| 21        | Merge Two Sorted Lists                     | https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/                     |
| 26        | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array        | https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/        |
| 27        | Remove Element                             | https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/                             |
| 35        | Search Insert Position                     | https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/                     |
| 58        | Length of Last Word                        | https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/                        |
| 66        | Plus One                                   | https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/                                   |
| 67        | Add Binary                                 | https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/                                 |
| 69        | Sqrt(x)                                    | https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/                                      |
| 70        | Climbing Stairs                            | https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/                            |
| 83        | Remove Duplicates from Sorted List         | https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/         |
| 88        | Merge Sorted Array                         | https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/                         |
| 94        | Binary Tree Inorder Traversal              | https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/              |
| 100       | Same Tree                                  | https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/                                  |
| 101       | Symmetric Tree                             | https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/                             |
| 104       | Maximum Depth of Binary Tree               | https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/               |
| 108       | Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree | https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/ |
| 110       | Balanced Binary Tree                       | https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/                       |
| 111       | Minimum Depth of Binary Tree               | https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-depth-of-binary-tree/               |
| 112       | Path Sum                                   | https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/                                   |
| 118       | Pascal's Triangle                          | https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/                           |
| 119       | Pascal's Triangle II                       | https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/                        |
| 121       | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock            | https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/            |
| 125       | Valid Palindrome							 | https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/							 |
| 136       | Single Number 							 | https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/             				 |
| 141       | Linked List Cycle 					     | https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/            				 |

### Medium problem
| # Problem | Description                                    | Leetcode Link                                                                 |
|-----------|------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2         | Add Two Numbers                                | https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/                                |
| 3         | Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters | https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/ |
| 6         | Zigzag Conversion                              | https://leetcode.com/problems/zigzag-conversion/                              |
| 7         | Reverse Integer                                | https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/                                |
| 8         | String to Integer (atoi)                       | https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/                         |
| 11        | Container With Most Water                      | https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/                      |
| 12        | Integer to Roman                               | https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/                               |
| 15        | Three Sum                                      | https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/                                           |
| 16        | Three Sum Closest                              | https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/                                   |
| 17        | Letter Combinations of a Phone Number          | https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/          |
| 18        | Four Sum									     | https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum/									         |
| 19        | Remove Nth Node From End of List				 | https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/				 |
| 22        | Generate Parentheses                           | https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/                           |
| 24        | Swap Nodes in Pairs 							 | https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/             				 |    
| 151       | Reverse Words in a String                      | https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string/                      |

Commit message:

DAY 29: preorder & postorder traversal of binary tree & index of the first occurrence in a string

README.md, after:

# DSAL
## Leetcode
### Easy problem
| # Problem | Description                                | Leetcode Link                                                             |
|-----------|--------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1         | Two Sum                                    | https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/                                    |
| 9         | Palindrome Number                          | https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/                          |
| 13        | Roman to Integer                           | https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/                           |
| 14        | Longest Common Prefix                      | https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/                      |
| 20        | Valid Parentheses                          | https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/                          |
| 21        | Merge Two Sorted Lists                     | https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/                     |
| 26        | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array        | https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/        |
| 27        | Remove Element                             | https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/                             |
| 35        | Search Insert Position                     | https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/                     |
| 58        | Length of Last Word                        | https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/                        |
| 66        | Plus One                                   | https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/                                   |
| 67        | Add Binary                                 | https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/                                 |
| 69        | Sqrt(x)                                    | https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/                                      |
| 70        | Climbing Stairs                            | https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/                            |
| 83        | Remove Duplicates from Sorted List         | https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/         |
| 88        | Merge Sorted Array                         | https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/                         |
| 94        | Binary Tree Inorder Traversal              | https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/              |
| 100       | Same Tree                                  | https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/                                  |
| 101       | Symmetric Tree                             | https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/                             |
| 104       | Maximum Depth of Binary Tree               | https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/               |
| 108       | Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree | https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/ |
| 110       | Balanced Binary Tree                       | https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/                       |
| 111       | Minimum Depth of Binary Tree               | https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-depth-of-binary-tree/               |
| 112       | Path Sum                                   | https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/                                   |
| 118       | Pascal's Triangle                          | https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/                           |
| 119       | Pascal's Triangle II                       | https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/                        |
| 121       | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock            | https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/            |
| 125       | Valid Palindrome							 | https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/							 |
| 136       | Single Number 							 | https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/             				 |
| 141       | Linked List Cycle 					     | https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/            				 |
| 144       | Binary Tree Preorder Traversal 			 | https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-preorder-traversal/             |
| 145       | Binary Tree Postorder Traversal 			 | https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-postorder-traversal/            |

### Medium problem
| # Problem | Description                                        | Leetcode Link                                                                     |
|-----------|----------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2         | Add Two Numbers                                    | https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/                                    |
| 3         | Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters     | https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/     |
| 6         | Zigzag Conversion                                  | https://leetcode.com/problems/zigzag-conversion/                                  |
| 7         | Reverse Integer                                    | https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/                                    |
| 8         | String to Integer (atoi)                           | https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/                             |
| 11        | Container With Most Water                          | https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/                          |
| 12        | Integer to Roman                                   | https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/                                   |
| 15        | Three Sum                                          | https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/                                               |
| 16        | Three Sum Closest                                  | https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/                                       |
| 17        | Letter Combinations of a Phone Number              | https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/              |
| 18        | Four Sum									         | https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum/									             |
| 19        | Remove Nth Node From End of List				     | https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/				     |
| 22        | Generate Parentheses                               | https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/                               |
| 24        | Swap Nodes in Pairs 							     | https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/             				     |
| 28        | Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String | https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string/ |    
| 151       | Reverse Words in a String                          | https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string/                          |
